POC for mdx docs pages (#868)
hpe-design/design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/header.mdx

import { Anchor, Text } from 'grommet';
import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  HeaderExample,
  HeaderActionExample,
  HeaderNavigationExample,
  HeaderPageExample,
  HeaderAvatarExample,
  HeaderSearchActionsExample,
} from '../../examples';

> import { nameToPath } from '../../utils';

Reviewer: This can be removed if the markdown is updated below:

```suggestion
```

- Search field that searches entirety of the application

If you have actions that pertain specifically to a single page, consider adding a Page Header to your layout in addition to your App Header.

### Page Header

A page-level Header sets the context for a single page within an application. It may contain the main heading of the page as well as some actions pertaining to the specific page content.

**A page-level Header should:**

- always be used in addition to the App Header
- be placed below the App Header in the layout
- contain actions relevant to a single page of an app

For more guidance, check out an example of [how to use a page-level header](#header-for-a-single-page).

### Accessibility

When using Header as a navigation structure, use [Buttons](/components/button) as your navigational elements and wrap them in a Nav component. This allows screen readers to identify this as a navigation region. For guidance, check out this example of a [Header with navigation buttons](#header-with-navigation-buttons).

## Variants

There are various action elements that may live in a Header, depending on the application or page context.

### Header with navigation buttons

> Header will commonly be used to provide the navigation structure within an application. On wider screens, the navigational buttons should display in a row. On mobile, these items will be collapsed into a <Anchor label="Menu" href={nameToPath('Menu')} />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Header will commonly be used to provide the navigation structure within an application. On wider screens, the navigational buttons should display in a row. On mobile, these items will be collapsed into a [Menu](/components/menu).
```
